Q: Which program do Jedi use to open PDF files? A: Adobe Wan Kenobi.
What did the karate master ask for when he was thirsty? Waaataaaaaaaa!
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
What are Michael Jackson's preferred pronouns? He/He.
What do you call bread from India? It's Naan of your business.
What's the most popular dating site in India? Connect the dots.
What is the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit? A zit will wait until you’re 12 to come on your face.
Why does Santa have a big sack? He only comes once a year.
Yo mama so fat that when she sat on an iPhone it turned into an iPad.
Why does a woman prefer an old gynecologist over a new one? Because the old one has shaky hands.
Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it's tearable.
What do you call an IT teacher who touches up his students? A PDF file.
I called my wife and told her that I'll pick up pizza and coke on the way back from work. But it seems she was not happy. She still regrets letting me name the kids.
What do you call a guy with a small penis? Justin!
I saw a comedian in Russia making fun of Putin. The jokes weren't great, but I liked the execution.
A sperm donor, a carpenter, and Julius Caesar walk into a bar. He came... he saw... he conquered.
My wife caught me jerking off to an optical illusion. I told her it’s not what it looks like.
What’s the difference between a job and marriage? A job still sucks after 10 years.
How did you quit smoking? I decided to smoke only after sex.
What do you call a 1 armed man who does karate? A Partial artist
What is Moby Dick’s father’s name? Papa Boner.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1Forrest1
What do the Scottish call a speech impediment? A pain in the R's.
What’s the difference between a peeping Tom and a pickpocket? One snatches your watch and the other watches your snatch.
what do you call a chinese baby that was born too early? Sudden Lee.
What do a boyfriend and a spider have in common? Women always exaggerate how big it is.
What do you call the sweat on your father’s balls after he’s had sex with your cousin? Relative humidity.
The NSA: a government organization that actually listens to you!
Yo mama so stupid, she studied for a Covid test.
Why is six afraid of seven? Seven is a registered six offender.
My dad always used to say: “If your sex doll starts leaking -it’s not sick -it’s full.”
Why can't Chinese people have white babies? Because two Wongs don't make a white
What do you call six topless women? Dozen tit.
What’s white and 14 inches long? Nothing.
Yo mama teeth so yellow when she closes her mouth, her stomach glows!
Girl asked me to netflix and chill, but I download all my movies illegally.... it was more like pirate and booty.
It's okay if your phone autocorrects 'fuck' to 'duck'... you're still using fowl language.
How do you start a fight in space? "Comet me bro."
Q. What’s the difference between a G-spot and a golf ball? A. A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
My dad only knows masturbation jokes. He says they always cum in handy.
You're living. You have mass. You occupy space. Do you know what that means? You matter.
Yo mama is so ugly she made my happy meal cry.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Can February March? No, but April May!
It’s inappropriate to make a ‘dad joke’ if you’re not a dad. It’s a faux pa.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it’s tearable.
How do lawyers say goodbye? We’ll be suing ya!
What’s the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it’s a little cheesy.
Don’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
You know the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea? I wouldn’t let a garbanzo bean on my face.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What’s an astronaut’s favourite part of a computer? The space bar.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks!
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down!
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the ‘no-bell’ prize.
I’ve got a great joke about construction, but I’m still working on it.
I used to hate facial hair…but then it grew on me.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I’ve never looked back since.
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
Why can’t you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the ‘P’ is silent.
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!
“Dad, did you get a haircut?” “No, I got them all cut!”
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
I don’t trust stairs. They’re always up to something.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Did you hear the rumour about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it!
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
Dad, can you put my shoes on?” “No, I don’t think they’ll fit me.”
Why can’t a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn’t change colour? He had a reptile dysfunction.
I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
What sound does a witches car make? Broom Broom
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAIINS!”
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, “No, just leave it in the carton!”
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, “do you know how to drive this thing?”
What’s that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
You’re American when you go into the bathroom, and you’re American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you’re in there? European.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn’t know it was on fire.
Does anyone need an ark? I Noah guy!
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket… You can hide but you can’t run.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don’t know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that’s just nuts.
Did you know the first French fries weren’t actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
What’s black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it.
My son screeched, “Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to one word I’ve said, have you!?” What a strange way to start a conversation with me…
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s fine, he woke up.
What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? “Supplies!”
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
My friend keeps saying “cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water.” I know he means well.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket… You can hide but you can’t run.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don’t know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that’s just nuts.
Did you know the first French fries weren’t actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
What’s black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it.
My son screeched, “Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to one word I’ve said, have you!?” What a strange way to start a conversation with me…
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s fine, he woke up.
What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? “Supplies!”
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
My friend keeps saying “cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water.” I know he means well.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I’ve ever seen.Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don’t wok away from me.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut.
The secret service isn’t allowed to yell “Get down!” anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell “Donald Duck!”
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
I’m thinking about removing my spine. I feel like it’s only holding me back.
Why don’t skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down!
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
I wouldn’t buy anything with velcro. It’s a total rip-off.
Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
Why was the belt sent to jail? For holding up a pair of pants!
What do you call a baby monkey? A chimp off the old block.
Do you think glass coffins will be a success? Remains to be seen.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
What happens when a frogs car dies? He needs a jump. If that doesn’t work he has to get it toad.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague.
India is a very peaceful country. Nobody has any beef over there.
What did the sock say to make the foot go away? Shoe.
What’s the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms? Ones a good year and the other is a great year.
Two men broke into a drugstore and stole all the Viagra. The police put out an alert to be on the lookout for the two hardened criminals.
How do you turn a fox into an elephant? Marry her.
What do you call a Chinese person with a video camera? Phil Ming
Yo mama so dumb, when the doctor told her she had coronavirus, she bought a new laptop.
Why don't Chinese kids believe in Santa? Because they make the gifts.
Somebody today was explaining to me how the cryptocurrency market was changing, even though I already knew... it was a Bitcoin descending.
My stoner friend used my daily agenda notebook to roll up a joint. He is now high on my list of priorities.
What do you call a person who doesn’t masturbate? A liar.
Yo mama so dumb, she puts lipstick on her forehead to make-up her mind.
As George Washington once famously said "Don't believe everything you read on the Internet".
I've just watched a documentary on marijuana. I think all documentaries should be watched this way.
What is even worse than waking up after a party and finding a penis was drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
Q: Why do blonde girls walk in groups of odd numbers? A: Because they can't even!
How does Darth Vader like his steaks? Well, done done done, done da done, done da done!
A chinese baby was born before due date... his parents named him Earl Lee.
What do you call a person who believes in the flat Earth? An astronomical idiot.
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
Q: What do you call the space between Kim Kardashian's breasts and butt cheeks? A: Silicon Valley.
Q: How did the frog die? A: He Kermit suicide.
Just because you are trash doesn't mean that you can't do great things. It is called garbage can, not garbage cannot.
Yo mama so dumb, she trips over the wireless internet.
What do you call a guy who cries when pleasuring himself? A tearjerker!
What’s the difference between a boyfriend and a husband? The sex drive.
Believe all women is the dumbest thing I’ve Amber Heard.
Women treat me like a god... they ignore me till they need something
I tripped over my wifes bra. It appeared to be a booby trap.
Why do crypto fans love donuts? Because they're decentralized.
What were Epstein's last words before he committed suicide? Please don't kill me!
How do women defy science? The heavier they get the easier to pick up!
How did Pinocchio find out he was made of wood? Because his right hand caught on fire.
What do you call an expert fisherman? A master baiter!
Why do male squirrels swim on their back? To keep their nuts dry.
What’s the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb? You can unscrew the lightbulb.
What do you call a rich Chinese person? Cha Ching
What did Nala say to Simba? Hakuna these tatas.
Q: What do you call a blonde who never showers? A: A dirty blonde
What did Yoda ride as a kid? A do-cycle. Because there is no try.
When you have a bladder infection... urine trouble.
What’s long, hard, and full of semen? A submarine!
Why did the Buddhist vacuum cleaner have dirty window sills? Because it had zero attachments.
Q. What did the elephant say to the naked man? A. How do you breathe through that little thing?
If you only sucked average sized penises... you could accurately say that you suck a mean dick.
Q: What is the difference between Tiger Woods and Santa Claus? A: Santa stops after three hos.
Yo mama so stupid, she couldn't read an audiobook.
What starts with the letter c and ends with t, hairy on the outside and creamy on the inside? A coconut.
I have been told that I have a dad bod. I like to think I am a father figure.
When two people have sex it's a two-some. When three people have sex it's a three-some. Now I know why people call you handsome.
What is the best way to drown a hipster? Throw him in the mainstream.
Q: Why don't blondes call 911 when they are in an emergency? A: Because they can't find number eleven on their phone.
What’s the best part of gardening? Getting down and dirty with your hoes.
What do you call a woke droid from Star Wars? R2-Me2
What was the name of that Italian cheese vendor? Parma-John
How is life like toilet paper? You’re either on a roll or taking shit from someone.
What’s the biggest difference between men and women? What they mean when they say “I went through a whole box of tissues watching that movie”.
What's blue and doesn't weigh much? Light blue.
My dad used to hit me with his camera. I still have flashbacks.
Personally, I don't believe in bros before hoes, or hoes before bros. There needs to be a balance. A homie-hoe-stasis, if you will.
Want to know a proven way a man and woman can be friends without sex? Marriage.
Jean-Luc Picard just opened a Chinese restaurant. It's called Make It Tso.
Q. How is a girlfriend like a laxative? A. They both irritate the shit out of you.
Why did the blonde get fired from the M&M factory? She kept throwing out all the 'W's.
If you ever fart in public, just yell, "Turbo power!" and walk faster.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Yes, because houses don’t jump.
Did you hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There's no menu. You get what you deserve.
How do you spot a blind guy at a nude beach? It’s not hard.
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? Look for the fresh prints.
What do you call a pudgy psychic? A four-chin teller.
Why did all of the eggs break? Because they cracked each other up.
What’s red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
“Dad, will you put my shirt on?” No, it won’t fit me.
How do dumpsters communicate with each other? They trash talk.
Q. What comes after 69? A. mouthwash.
Q: Why did the blonde stare at the orange juice bottle for 2 hours? A: Because it said 'concentrate'
What's brown, smelly and sits on top of a piano? Beethoven's Last Movement.
Q. What did one butt cheek say to the other? A. Together, we can stop this shit.
How do you weigh a millennial? In Instagrams.
Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes.
If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning.
When does a joke turn into a Dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Fathers day? He felt his presents.
My Dad is reading a book about anti-gravity. He says it’s impossible to put down.
Why did the Scottish Dad have plumbing issues? He only had bagpipes.
Why do Dad’s talk to themselves? They are seeking expert advice!
My Dad doesn’t trust stairs because they’re always up to something.
What did the mountain climber name his first son? Cliff
How is the baby bird like its Dad? It’s a chirp off the old block.
Why do Dads feel the need to tell such bad jokes? They just want to help you become a groan-up.
I asked my Dad if I can watch TV? He said yes, but don’t turn it on.
What did the daddy buffalo say to its son before it left for school? Bison.
What do you call your Dad when he falls through the ice? A POPsicle!
Can February March? No, but April May!
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint!
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets.
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. “That's my stepladder,” he said. "I never knew my real ladder.”
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, "I always have a few Twix up my sleeve."
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable.
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart.
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
This morning, Siri said, “Don’t call me Shirley.” I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode.
My new girlfriend told me I'm terrible in bed! I told her it's unfair to make a judgement in less than a minute!!
It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.”
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli.
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker.
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
I don't get why bakers aren't wealthier. They make so much dough.
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess.
I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody.
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
"Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia." Man: "Wait! I can explain everything!"
My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a "Get Well Soon" card.
I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes.
If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning.
My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. "Sure," I said. "My door is always open."
I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. "No," I said. "It's to look at."
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it.
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright.
I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it.
Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time
During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them.
Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend.
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body.
“Just say NO to drugs!” Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes.
I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
At the job interview, they asked me, “Where do you see yourself in five years?”
I told him, “I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.”
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water.
I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find.
Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot.
I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel. She said I won’t be able to make it.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now.
I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins.
A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, "It's a moving violation."
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology.
I asked the IT guy, "How do you make a Motherboard?" He said, "I tell her about my job."
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you.
My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed.
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
I got arrested for downloading the whole Wikipedia. I told them I could explain everything.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
My wife and I had a huge argument about who will do the laundry. Eventually, I folded.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
I used to hate facial hair. But then it grew on me.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket… You can hide but you can’t run.
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one nightstand.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!
Did you hear the rumor about butter? I really shouldn’t be spreading it.
I’ve got a great pizza joke for you. Nevermind, it’s too cheesy.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneak-ers
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
What do you call it when a group of apes starts a company? Monkey business.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
Why did the broom decide to go to bed? It was very sweepy.
Why did the coffee go to the police? To report a mugging.
Yo mama so fat, she can't even jump to a conclusion.
Two deer walk out of a gay bar. One says to the other: I can’t believe I blew fifty bucks in there.
How do you get $1000 in cryptocurrency? Invest $2000.
I can't believe someone broke into my house and stole all of my fruit. I am peachless.
What do you call a guy with a big penis? Phil!
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What is the difference between a hormone and a vitamin? You can't hear a vitamin.
What’s the difference between a microwave and a woman? Men can push the microwaves buttons and still turn it on.
What is the smelliest type of jacket you can buy? A windbreaker.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball? Cough Cough.
Q: What do you call a blond who dyed her hair brown? A: Artificial intelligence.
What do ignorance and indifference mean? I don't know, and I don't care.
I asked my wife if I’m the only one she’s ever been with. She said, “Yes, the other ones were at least sevens or eights.”
Did you hear about the marble statue with low self esteem? She was taken for granite.
What's the different between Bitcoin and my wife? My wife doesn't go down on me.
Trying to come up with jokes about Star Wars is difficult. Sometimes they seem a bit too forced.
What do you call a herd of cows masturbating? Beef strokin’ off!
Why did the rapper carry an umbrella? Fo' drizzle.
My friend was so convinced of flat earth, he said he was going to Antartica to find the edge. He came around eventually.
People are often shocked when they find out what a bad electrician I am.
Q: Why did Adele cross the road? A: To sing, "Hello from the other side!"
What do you call Jehova's Witnesses in Chinese Ding Dong
